You're sure it's this way?
Yes! We're almost there!
There he is.
Mr. Kanamori!
Oh! He slashed it in the blink of an eye!
Lord Tokito! Thank goodness!
Mr. Kanamori!
Young Kotetsu!
Thank goodness you're safe!
To be honest,
I thought you'd be dead by now!
HYOTTOKO
Same here, Mr. Kanamori!
So, you're Kanamori?
HYOTTOKO
Mr. Tokito, this is Mr. Kanamori.
Do you have a sword for me?
Give it to me now.
Oh my!
Look at this!
It's quite badly chipped!
That's why I came to the village.
I see! I see!
I do have a sword ready for you,
so let me give it to you right away!
You don't waste time, do you?
I'm happy for you!
You should be thankful!
Tanjiro asked me to take care of it.
Your sword, that is.
He also said I should be
understanding toward you.
Tanjiro?
Tanjiro said it, huh?
So, I checked up
on the first swordsmith who served you—
Mr. Kanamori! Mr. Kanamori!
We have to head to Mr. Haganezuka's!
If he's under attack by those demons—
Oh, that's right!
Come on, I'll show you
the way to my work shed!
EPISODE 5:
BRIGHT RED SWORD
I'm worried about the village!
Since you're a Hashira,
I want you to take that sword...
and go to their aid as soon as possible!
It's that shed over there!
Thank goodness!
I don't see any fish monsters!
I was working in that shed!
The sword I'm supposed to give you
is inside, too!
Please take it
and rush to where the chief is!
No, I can't.
Huh? What's that?
Ouch! You're so annoying!
It's here.
Hyo!
Huh?
I'm impressed that you noticed me!
But wait, you're a Hashira.
UPPER FIVE
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
UPPER
Is this rundown shed
that important to you?
UPPER
What is it that you're being
so secretive about, I wonder.
Hyo, hyo!
Enemy attack!
Demons!
Protect the leaders of each clan!
Take out the Hashira's swords!
Help the chief get away!
Tetsugorou!
Watch out!
Those monsters' claws
are as sharp as blades!
Take cover inside the buildings for now!
No good! Get back! Get back!
Whoa! A Hashira showed up!
Sorry I'm late!
I'll take care of this right away, everyone!
Wow!
- So fast!
- So strong!
I'd forgotten because she's so cute...
but the Hashira sure are strong, huh?
The chief!
Please look after the chief!
Chief!
Ch-Ch-Chief...
The Demon Slayer guards
who were stationed here have been killed.
As the most highly-skilled person
in the village, Chief...
I can't let you die!
This monster is...
way too big!
My attacks have no effect!
And it's abnormally quick!
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
You shouldn't move!
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
You likely have internal injuries!
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
L-Lady Kanroji!
What kind of sword is that?
Did the chief...
Did Lord Tecchin forge it?
I've heard the rumors,
but how odd it looks!
Love Breathing...
First Form...
Shivers Of First Love!
My heart would never flutter for those
who needlessly hurt others!
Lord Tecchin!
Are you all right, Lord Tecchin?
Stay with me!
Lord Tecchin! Can you hear me?
Here I am in the arms of a young,
beautiful girl! I'm on cloud nine!
Oh my! Lord Tecchin! Please!
I fell on my head, too!
What?
Please hold my hand!
Oh dear, forgive me!
Are you okay?
You back off!
Wh-What a relief.
What...
What is this?
This scent?
Stop trying to flee...
like a pesky gnat!
Now I remember.
I was knocked out
by that demon with the fan!
Nezuko came to before I did!
Curses! Could they be any slower?
Karaku! Blast it away!
Right!
I was just about to do that anyway!
Think! You've got to think!
How to inflict massive damage
on the enemy!
An attack that they can't
recover from right away!
Damn.
UPPER FOUR
Hey, brat...
Die!
UPPER FOUR
It's all over for you now!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
Now that's what you call a fine view!
All right...
now there's nowhere for you
to scurry around and hide!
Dammit! The rubble!
Nezuko, it's okay!
I'd never abandon you!
Let go of my sword!
I'll clear away the rubble, okay?
Nezuko! Stop it!
You're going to cut your fingers!
It certainly blew up completely.
Once this smoke clears,
it will spell their demise.
Nezuko!
Stop! You have to stop!
Hyo, hyo!
A pleasure to meet you!
My name is Gyokko.
Before I kill you,
might I ask for a minute of your time?
Why are you closing in on me?
Because we'd be scared on our own.
I'd be delighted to show my artwork
to my three guests tonight!
Artwork?
What are you talking about?
Now then, let me start with this piece!
Behold, "Death Throes of the Smiths"!
Please take a look!
First, those hands!
The hallmark of a swordsmith,
those thick, blister-ridden, soiled hands!
I intentionally pushed them
to the forefront!
Lord Kongouji! Mr. Tetsuo!
Mr. Hagaike!
Koutarou!
Uncle Tetsuhiro!
Yes!
You're absolutely right!
For this piece, I used five swordsmiths
to lavish, extravagant effect!
I didn't expect you
to be this moved!
Moreover, I've truly brought out
their swordsmith qualities...
by piercing them with swords!
I left these hyottoko masks on
to juxtapose emptiness and absurdity.
Needless to say,
this, too, was a deliberate choice!
And this is the best part!
Just twist the sword like so, and...
Stop it!
What do you think?
Isn't it marvelous?
I've reproduced their death throes!
Hey.
You'd better knock it off...
you piece of crap.
Hyo!
I'm not done describing my artwork!
Kindly hear me out to the end.
It can teleport from one vase to another.
I see.
What I especially take pride in
is the vase's—
I can barely feel it.
It got away again.
It can move fast.
Now it's over there.
Those vases pop up out of nowhere.
You have a lot of gall, slashing it!
My vase!
My art!
You have no eye for beauty,
you damn ape!
How are those vases spawned?
You bastards with muscles
where your brains should be...
Clearly, you lack the ability
to appreciate my artwork!
Which, in a way, is fine!
No...
but since it's so intent on fleeing,
then unlike that clone demon...
beheading this one will kill it.
Thousand Needle Fish Kill!
Mr. Tokito!
Young Kotetsu!
- Lord Tokito!
You're getting in the way, so go hide.
I'm sorry!
I... I...
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Look at you, riddled with needles...
A comical sight, indeed!
How do you like it?
The poison must slowly be numbing
your limbs, right?
So very comical!
You saved some worthless lives...
and now you're going to die
in a worthless place.
So worthless, it doesn't matter
whether they exist or not.
Because your lives are worthless!
Who's that?
I can't remember.
I think someone said
the same thing to me years ago.
Who was it?
It was summer. It was hot.
We'd left the door open.
I guess because it was too hot,
the cicadas were buzzing really loud.
Hyo, hyo!
Still, you are a Hashira,
even looking like that.
What kind of artwork should I produce?
Oh, I'm giddy!
DESTROY
Shut up.
It's all your talk that's worthless.
Blood Demon Art...
Water Prison Pot!
Death by suffocation is rather stylish.
Beautiful!
And that chilling feeling of a blade
pressed against your neck...
Now that's simply sublime!
It's no good. I can't slash it.
I just stopped a Demon Slayer's
greatest weapon. His breathing.
I can barely contain myself,
just imagining your face twisted in agony!
Hyo, hyo!
Obliterating this village will be
a devastating blow to you Demon Slayers.
Once we've brought
the Demon Slayers to their knees,
even Ubuyashiki's head
will be within reach!
Nezuko!
Please let go of my sword! Nezuko!
The sword's ablaze with Nezuko's blood!
The sword's changing color!
The temperature's rising,
and my black sword is turning red!
Enveloped in exploding blood!
This is...
Exploding Blood Sword!
So, it turns red, right?
A samurai's sword turns red
only during battle, right?
What's this?
Why is that?
So mysterious!
Even though normally,
it's pitch-black like obsidian...
Who is that?
It's so beautiful, isn't it?
Who are you?
Oh, right.
This is an inherited memory.
The samurai she's talking about...
Could it be that swordsman
with the earrings?
Was that swordsman's sword pitch-black?
I've got a black sword just like his.
And my own sword just turned red, too!
It changed color!
This sword turned red
thanks to the power of Nezuko's blood, so...
even if it was through a different method
than that swordsman's,
right now, my sword is just like his.
You may think you've gotten stronger, but
there are always even more powerful demons!
I'm only flesh and blood,
so my body is scarred and battered...
but...
every time, someone comes to my aid!
They keep me alive!
I have to meet their expectations!
Everyone who's helped me out
has just one wish...
just one desire!
To defeat the demons!
To protect human lives!
I have to come through for them!
Even if you resort to cheap tricks,
you can't beat me.
You can slash me,
but I won't feel a thing!
A burning blade.
Raging Sword.
Lord Muzan's memories.
UPPER FOUR
The sword of the swordsman
who drove Lord Muzan into a corner...
UPPER FOUR
and nearly beheaded him!
I see that swordsman in him.
Hinokami Kagura...
Sun Halo Dragon...
Head Dance!
I've been thinking about...
that one blow all this time.
The reason why I was able to cut off
Gyutaro's head with that blow.
How I felt in that moment, my breathing...
the way I exerted myself.
The way my whole body felt
like it was on fire...
and my forehead!
Now I know.
I can do it now!
Just one more!
I need to slash all four at once!
Where's the last one?
Genya! So you're okay!
UPPER FOUR
He beheaded the fourth demon!
That's great! That's great!
UPPER FOUR
Was it simultaneous?
If it was at the same time...
Genya—
Is that Genya?
Why... does he look like that?
It's like...
PART 5
How do you sheathe that sword?
How?
Poison potato!
I'm just kidding! I'm kidding!
Wow! That's amazing!
What, you really think
it's that amazing?
It sure is!
That's our Ms. Kanroji, all right!
You sure about that?
Then, maybe I'll show it to you
just one more time!
That was amazing, Ms. Kanroji!
You think so?
Then, why don't I show you again
just one more time?
Now, I'm only doing this for you, Tanjiro!
Wait, first things first!
Next, Episode 6,
"Aren't You Going to Become A Hashira?"
There! There! There!
Wow, amazing!
TO BE CONTINUED